samples/crypto/ecdh/README.rst, before:

.. _crypto_ecdh:

Crypto: ECDH
############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The ECDH sample shows how to perform an Elliptic-curve Diffie–Hellman key exchange to allow two parties to obtain a shared secret.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

.. include:: /includes/tfm.txt

Overview
********

The sample performs the following operations:

1. Initialization:

   a. The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) API is initialized.
   #. Two random Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) key pairs are generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.

#. ECDH key exchange using the generated key pairs.

#. Cleanup:

   a. The key pairs are removed from the PSA crypto keystore.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/crypto/ecdh`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, complete the following steps to test it:

1. |connect_terminal|
#. Compile and program the application.
#. Observe the logs from the application using a terminal emulator.

Commit message:

samples: wifi: sr_coex: Restructure SR coex sample
 Now that the coex sample is used to run all possible
 combinational activities of Wi-Fi and Bluetooth LE,
 the files are renamed and functions are segregated
 to have a generic test bench and functions.
 Tested all throughput combinational tests.

Signed-off-by: Visali Mushunuri <Visali.Mushunuri@nordicsemi.no>

samples/crypto/ecdh/README.rst, after:

.. _crypto_ecdh:

Crypto: ECDH
############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The ECDH sample shows how to perform an Elliptic-curve Diffie–Hellman key exchange to allow two parties to obtain a shared secret.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

.. include:: /includes/tfm.txt

Overview
********

The sample performs the following operations:

1. Initialization:

   a. The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) API is initialized.
   #. Two random Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) key pairs are generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.

#. ECDH key exchange using the generated key pairs.

#. Cleanup:

   a. The key pairs are removed from the PSA crypto keystore.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/crypto/ecdh`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, complete the following steps to test it:

1. |connect_terminal|
#. Compile and program the application.
#. Observe the logs from the application using an RTT Viewer or a terminal emulator.

.. note::
   By default, the sample is configured to use both RTT and UART for logging.
   If you are using RTT, skip the first step of the testing procedure.
